README.md, before:

# Cloud Service Providers Free Tier Overview
Comparing the free tier offers of the major cloud providers like AWS, Azure, GCP, Oracle Cloud etc.

1. [AWS](#1-aws)
2. [Azure](#2-azure)
3. [Google Cloud](#3-google-cloud)
4. [Oracle Cloud](#4-oracle-cloud)
5. [Alibaba Cloud](#5-alibaba-cloud)
6. [IBM Cloud](#6-ibm-cloud)
7. [Scaleway](#7-scaleway)
8. [DigitalOcean](#8-digitalocean)
9. [Hetzner Cloud](#9-hetzner-cloud)
10. [render](#10-render)
11. [Netlify](#11-netlify)
12. [jfrog](#12-jfrog)
13. [salesforce](#13-salesforce)
14. [openshift](#14-openshift)
15. [Linode](#15-linode)
16. [Container Hosting Service](#16-container-hosting-service)
17. [Fly.io](#17-fly-io)
18. [Railway](#18-railway)

## 1. AWS

Homepage: [AWS Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/)

### Always Free

- Amazon DynamoDB (NoSQL): 25 GB of storage
- AWS Lambda (FaaS): 1 Million free requests per month
- Amazon SNS: 1 Million publishes

## 2. Azure

Homepage: [Azure Free Tier](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/)


### Free for Limited-time

- US$200 credit for 30 days
- Popular services free for 12 months

### Always Free

- 54+ other services free always

## 3. Google Cloud

Homepage: [Google Cloud Free Tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/docs/gcp-free-tier)

### Always Free

- Compute VM: 0.25 vCPU, 1 GB RAM (only on us-west1, us-central1 and us-east1)
- 30 GB of standard persistent disk
- 1 GB of network egress (except China and Australia)

## 4. Oracle Cloud

Homepage: [Oracle Cloud Free Tier](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/free/)

### Free for Limited-time 30 day free trial

- US $300 credit for 30 days
- Up to eight instances across all available services
- Up to 5 TB of storage

### Always Free

- Compute: (Note- [1 Oracle OCPU = 2 vCPUs](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/vcpu-and-ocpu-pricing-information))
  - 2 AMD-based VMs: 1/8 OCPU = 0.25 vCPU with 1 GB RAM each
  - 4 Arm-based VMs: 24 GB RAM total, 3,000 OCPU hours and 18,000 GB memory hours per month
- 2 Block Volumes Storage, 200 GB total
- 10 GB Object Storage - Standard
- 10 GB Object Storage - Infrequent Access
- 10 GB Archive Storage
- 10TB of network data egress/month per originating region
- Resource Manager (managed terraform)
- 5 OCI Bastions
- 2 Oracle Autonomous Databases incl. Oracle Application Express (APEX), Oracle SQL Developer etc., each with 20GB storage
- NoSQL Database with 25GB storage per table, up to 3 tables
- 4 Load Balancers: 1 Flexible (10Mbps) and 3 Network
- Monitoring and Notifications

## 5. Alibaba Cloud

Homepage: [Alibaba Cloud Free Trial](https://www.alibabacloud.com/campaign/free-trial)

### Try Over 40 Products for Free Worth $450-$1300 USD. 
### Now up to 12 Months Usage for Elastic Compute Services.

## 6. IBM Cloud

Homepage: [IBM Cloud Free Tier](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/free)

### Free for Limited-time
- US$200 credit for 30 days

## 7. Scaleway

Homepage: [Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

### Always Free

- 75GB block storage (S3-compatible API)
- 50k message in the IoT Hub ([MQTT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MQTT), [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer), [Sigfox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigfox), [LoRa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LoRa))

## 8. DigitalOcean

Homepage: [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- $100 credit for 60 days from [do.co/hf100](https://do.co/hf100)

## 9. Hetzner Cloud

Homepage: [Hetzner Cloud](https://hetzner.cloud)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

## 10. render

Homepage: [render](https://render.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

### Always Free

- static site hosting

## 11. Netlify

Homepage: [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

### Always Free

- static site hosting

## 12. jfrog

Homepage: [Jfrog Free Tier](https://jfrog.com/platform/free-trial/)

### Free for Limited-time

- Self-Hosted 30 day trial

### Always Free

2GB Storage
10GB Transfer/month
2,000 CI/CD Minutes/month

## 13. Salesforce

Homepage: [Salesforce Free Tier](https://www.salesforce.com/in/form/signup/freetrial-sales)

### Free for Limited-time

-  Your FREE 30-Days Trial Now!

### Always Free

When you download Listware for Salesforce, you are given 1,000 free credits which you can use during a free 30-day trial of the app.
 
## 14. Openshift
 
Homepage: [Interactive Learning Portal](https://learn.openshift.com/)
 
### Try out Openshift 4 cluster for free

Openshift 4: [Try Openshift 4 cluster for free](https://www.openshift.com/try)

## 15. Linode
 
Homepage: [Linode](https://www.linode.com)
 
### Free for Limited-time
- US$100, 60-day free trial requires valid credit card. [free-credit-100](https://www.linode.com/lp/free-credit-100)

## 16. Container Hosting Service
 
Homepage: [Container Hosting Service](https://container-hosting.anotherwebservice.com/)
 
### Currently Free
- Container Hosting Service [Try Open Source Container Hosting Service for free](https://container-hosting.anotherwebservice.com/)

## 17. Fly.io

Homepage: [Fly.io](https://fly.io/docs/about/pricing/)

### Always free on all plans:

- Up to 3 shared-cpu-1x 256mb VMs (Apps or Machines)
- 3GB persistent volume storage (total)
- 160GB outbound data transfer

## 18. Railway

Homepage: [Railway](https://railway.app/pricing)

### Always Free:

- 512 MB RAM and shared CPU/container
- 1 GB Disk (split between your services)
- $5 or 500 hours of usage (deploys shut off when first limit is reached)

Commit message:

Add BigQuery and Cloud Storage to Google Cloud Free Tier in README
Expanded the Google Cloud "Always Free" section in the `README.md` to include:

- BigQuery (SQL): Offers 1 TB of querying per month and 10 GB of storage each month.
- Cloud Storage: Provides 5 GB-months of regional storage (US regions only) per month.

These additions ensure that users are informed about a broader range of services available for free under Google Cloud.

README.md, after:

# Cloud Service Providers Free Tier Overview
Comparing the free tier offers of the major cloud providers like AWS, Azure, GCP, Oracle Cloud etc.

1. [AWS](#1-aws)
2. [Azure](#2-azure)
3. [Google Cloud](#3-google-cloud)
4. [Oracle Cloud](#4-oracle-cloud)
5. [Alibaba Cloud](#5-alibaba-cloud)
6. [IBM Cloud](#6-ibm-cloud)
7. [Scaleway](#7-scaleway)
8. [DigitalOcean](#8-digitalocean)
9. [Hetzner Cloud](#9-hetzner-cloud)
10. [render](#10-render)
11. [Netlify](#11-netlify)
12. [jfrog](#12-jfrog)
13. [salesforce](#13-salesforce)
14. [openshift](#14-openshift)
15. [Linode](#15-linode)
16. [Container Hosting Service](#16-container-hosting-service)
17. [Fly.io](#17-fly-io)
18. [Railway](#18-railway)

## 1. AWS

Homepage: [AWS Free Tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/)

### Always Free

- Amazon DynamoDB (NoSQL): 25 GB of storage
- AWS Lambda (FaaS): 1 Million free requests per month
- Amazon SNS: 1 Million publishes

## 2. Azure

Homepage: [Azure Free Tier](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/)


### Free for Limited-time

- US$200 credit for 30 days
- Popular services free for 12 months

### Always Free

- 54+ other services free always

## 3. Google Cloud

Homepage: [Google Cloud Free Tier](https://cloud.google.com/free/docs/gcp-free-tier)

### Always Free

- Compute VM: 0.25 vCPU, 1 GB RAM (only on us-west1, us-central1 and us-east1)
  - 30 GB of standard persistent disk
  - 1 GB of network egress (except China and Australia)
- BigQuery (SQL): 1 TB of querying per month and 10 GB of storage each month
- Cloud Storage: 5 GB-months of regional storage (US regions only) per month

## 4. Oracle Cloud

Homepage: [Oracle Cloud Free Tier](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/free/)

### Free for Limited-time 30 day free trial

- US $300 credit for 30 days
- Up to eight instances across all available services
- Up to 5 TB of storage

### Always Free

- Compute: (Note- [1 Oracle OCPU = 2 vCPUs](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/vcpu-and-ocpu-pricing-information))
  - 2 AMD-based VMs: 1/8 OCPU = 0.25 vCPU with 1 GB RAM each
  - 4 Arm-based VMs: 24 GB RAM total, 3,000 OCPU hours and 18,000 GB memory hours per month
- 2 Block Volumes Storage, 200 GB total
- 10 GB Object Storage - Standard
- 10 GB Object Storage - Infrequent Access
- 10 GB Archive Storage
- 10TB of network data egress/month per originating region
- Resource Manager (managed terraform)
- 5 OCI Bastions
- 2 Oracle Autonomous Databases incl. Oracle Application Express (APEX), Oracle SQL Developer etc., each with 20GB storage
- NoSQL Database with 25GB storage per table, up to 3 tables
- 4 Load Balancers: 1 Flexible (10Mbps) and 3 Network
- Monitoring and Notifications

## 5. Alibaba Cloud

Homepage: [Alibaba Cloud Free Trial](https://www.alibabacloud.com/campaign/free-trial)

### Try Over 40 Products for Free Worth $450-$1300 USD. 
### Now up to 12 Months Usage for Elastic Compute Services.

## 6. IBM Cloud

Homepage: [IBM Cloud Free Tier](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/cloud/free)

### Free for Limited-time
- US$200 credit for 30 days

## 7. Scaleway

Homepage: [Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

### Always Free

- 75GB block storage (S3-compatible API)
- 50k message in the IoT Hub ([MQTT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MQTT), [REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer), [Sigfox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigfox), [LoRa](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LoRa))

## 8. DigitalOcean

Homepage: [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- $100 credit for 60 days from [do.co/hf100](https://do.co/hf100)

## 9. Hetzner Cloud

Homepage: [Hetzner Cloud](https://hetzner.cloud)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

## 10. render

Homepage: [render](https://render.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

### Always Free

- static site hosting

## 11. Netlify

Homepage: [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)

### Free for Limited-time

- sometimes they give away free credits

### Always Free

- static site hosting

## 12. jfrog

Homepage: [Jfrog Free Tier](https://jfrog.com/platform/free-trial/)

### Free for Limited-time

- Self-Hosted 30 day trial

### Always Free

2GB Storage
10GB Transfer/month
2,000 CI/CD Minutes/month

## 13. Salesforce

Homepage: [Salesforce Free Tier](https://www.salesforce.com/in/form/signup/freetrial-sales)

### Free for Limited-time

-  Your FREE 30-Days Trial Now!

### Always Free

When you download Listware for Salesforce, you are given 1,000 free credits which you can use during a free 30-day trial of the app.
 
## 14. Openshift
 
Homepage: [Interactive Learning Portal](https://learn.openshift.com/)
 
### Try out Openshift 4 cluster for free

Openshift 4: [Try Openshift 4 cluster for free](https://www.openshift.com/try)

## 15. Linode
 
Homepage: [Linode](https://www.linode.com)
 
### Free for Limited-time
- US$100, 60-day free trial requires valid credit card. [free-credit-100](https://www.linode.com/lp/free-credit-100)

## 16. Container Hosting Service
 
Homepage: [Container Hosting Service](https://container-hosting.anotherwebservice.com/)
 
### Currently Free
- Container Hosting Service [Try Open Source Container Hosting Service for free](https://container-hosting.anotherwebservice.com/)

## 17. Fly.io

Homepage: [Fly.io](https://fly.io/docs/about/pricing/)

### Always free on all plans:

- Up to 3 shared-cpu-1x 256mb VMs (Apps or Machines)
- 3GB persistent volume storage (total)
- 160GB outbound data transfer

## 18. Railway

Homepage: [Railway](https://railway.app/pricing)

### Always Free:

- 512 MB RAM and shared CPU/container
- 1 GB Disk (split between your services)
- $5 or 500 hours of usage (deploys shut off when first limit is reached)
